Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
(FESTER MOANING)
(FESTER HOWLING)
(HOWLING)
(WOLF HOWLING)
WEDNESDAY: Come, sorrow.
We welcome thee.
Let us join in grief,
rejoice in despair
and honor
the fortunate dead.
Dearly beloved.
(CAT MEOWS)
Shh!
(TSKING)
(PLAYING ORGAN)
(GRUNTING)
Good show, old man.
Gomez.
Cara mia?
Marvelous news.
I'm going to have a baby
right now.
DOCTOR: Nurse, how close
are the contractions?
Every 15 seconds, Doctor.
Are you
in unbearable pain?
Is it inhuman?
My darling, is it torture?
Oui.
YOUNG GIRL: And then Mommy kissed
Daddy, and the angel told the stork
and the stork flew down
from heaven
and left a diamond under a
leaf in the cabbage patch
and the diamond turned
into a baby.
Our parents are having
a baby, too.
They had sex.
Push, Mrs. Addams.
(MOANS SOFTLY)
- Forceps!
- Forceps.
Forceps.
(SCREAMS)
(BABY CRYING)
Mrs. Addams,
would you like anesthesia?
No, thank you.
But do ask the children.
Cara mia.
Mon cher.
Mrs. Addams, the baby?
Pardon.
- It's a boy.
- It's a girl.
- Gomez!
- What news?
Father,
what is it?
It's an Addams!
I've arranged a little
surprise, my dearest.
I hope you like it.
MORTICIA: Oh, Gomez, it's dark,
it's depressing, it's desolate.
- GOMEZ: It says, "toddler."
- It's a dream.
Come,cara mia.
MORTICIA:
The Addams' cradle.
(COOING)
(BABY CRYING)
(BABY STOPS CRYING)
(TOY GROWLS)
Welcome home, my son.
(BABY LAUGHING)
That's not true.
It is so.
Everyone knows it.
When you have a new baby,
one of the other children has to die.
- Really?
- It's a tradition.
One of us has to go.
Which one?
Well, they only
need one boy.
He has
my father's eyes.
Gomez, take those
out of his mouth.
(FESTER COOING)
GRANDMA: A baby
in the house.
It's about time.
Hey, kiddo.
(ALL EXCLAIM)
Did you see that?
(BABBLING)
GRANDMA:
He's a real devil.
(GRANDMA CHUCKLES)
(THUNDER RUMBLES)
Pugsley, the baby weighs
10 pounds.
The cannonball
weighs 20 pounds.
Which will hit
the stone walkway first?
- I'm still on fractions.
- Which do you think?
The cannonball?
Very good.
But which one will bounce?
The baby?
There's only one way
to find out.
Ready?
One, two, three.
(BABY EXCLAIMS)
What a glorious evening.
Rain.
(GIGGLING)
Cara mia.
Oh, dear.
(GRUNTS)
Children,
why do you hate the baby?
PUGSLEY:
We don't hate him.
We just want
to play with him.
Especially his head.
Children, do you think we love
the baby more than we love you?
- Yes.
Do you think that when
a new baby arrives
one of the other children
has to die?
- Yes.
GRANDMA: Well,
that's just not true.
(SIGHS)
Not anymore.
It's just sibling rivalry.
Gomez, do you remember
what we were like?
- I hated you!
- I despised you.
I choked him
until he lost consciousness
and had to be put
on a respirator.
I tied him to a tree
and pulled out four
of his permanent teeth.
When he was asleep,
I opened his skull
and removed his brains.
You did?
(LAUGHING)
Brother!
Children, you see?
(LAUGHS)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(MOANS SOFTLY)
"Death! Death to the enemies
of the people of the Republic."
Hurrah!
Justice is served.
Bring forward
the evil one.
You have betrayed
the people of France.
You are evil incarnate.
How do you plead?
PUGSLEY: (IN HIGH-PITCHED
VOICE) Guilty.
Guilty by her
own admission.
The sentence is death.
Executioner,
place her on the block.
One,
two...
MORTICIA: Children,
what are you doing in there?
- Playing!
Three!
(COOS)
Woe to the Republic.
GOMEZ: Look at you.
Midnight, moonlight,
surrounded by death.
It's been too long.
WEDNESDAY: Do it!
PUGSLEY: Hold him still!
- (GUNSHOT)
- WEDNESDAY: You missed.
WEDNESDAY: Here, catch!
PUGSLEY: I don't want him!
(GLASS BREAKING)
One house,
three children.
So many windows.
My darling,
it's you I'm worried about.
The stress,
all this squabbling.
Oh, I'll be fine.
I'm just like any modern woman
trying to have it all.
Loving husband, a family.
It's just I wish
I had more time
to seek out the dark forces
and join their hellish crusade.
That's all.
You can. You shall.
So it must be.
(GLASS BREAKING)
But how?
Children, as your new nanny,
I know that we're all concerned
about the environment.
So, this morning,
let's discuss how
to prevent forest fires.
Prevent them?
All right, children,
I've had it up to here.
Now you just answer
one simple question.
Where is that baby?
Which part?
WOMAN: Hello, kiddies.
I'm Polly the puppet.
What shall we do today?
I know.
Let's all clean our rooms.
Hello, Polly.
I'll clean my room in exchange
for your immortal soul.
(POUNDING)
Hi. Addams residence?
- (LURCH GRUNTS)
- Ooh. It's old.
And big.
MORTICIA: Lurch.
Hi! Hi. I'm Debbie
Jellinsky from the agency.
The agency?
But they claimed
no one else was available.
They suggested a Doberman.
Surprise!
I've been out of town.
Are you the mom?
I am Mrs. Addams.
I love your dress.
It's so tight.
Thank you.
Gomez.
I believe we may have
a new nanny,
Miss Jellinsky.
Deb.
Isn't he a lady-killer?
Acquitted.
I can show you
all my references
so you know
I'm not a homicidal maniac.
- Of course you're not.
- You're too young.
(DEBBIE LAUGHS)
GOMEZ:
Welcome to our home.
There's a belfry,
a swamp
and the dungeon
down below.
- DEBBIE: Cable?
- Of course.
(WHISPERS) Debbie.
Oh, is that
the little critter?
Oh, no.
This is our baby.
He's adorable. He's perfect.
What's his name?
It was agony.
We went through all the books,
all the usual baby names.
- Lucifer.
- Benito.
Mao.
MORTICIA: And then
we came to our senses.
Something simple,
something a child could live with.
Pubert.
I like it.
(CHUCKLING) It's filthy.
May I?
Your dress,
is it flammable?
You've had your shots,
measles, mumps, rabies?
Oh!
Oh, I just adore
little babies.
I just want to grab 'em
and squeeze 'em
till there's not a breath left
in their tiny, little bodies.
(CHUCKLING)
Hello, Pubert.
I love you.
(KNOCKING ON DOOR)
(DOOR OPENS)
Children, this is Miss
Jellinsky, our new nanny.
What do we say?
Be afraid.
Be very afraid.
Look at you,
all cooped up in this house
with a new baby.
That's not easy, is it?
No.
Why, I bet sometimes you wish it
was still just the two of you.
Or less.
Well, don't you worry.
Everything's going to be
just fine.
I love them.
(FINGERS TAPPING ON FLOOR)
Thing, stop that.
He likes you.
(GOMEZ LAUGHING)
(JOINTS CRACKING)
I'm good with my hands.
(THING THUMPS ON FLOOR)
What a wonderful family.
Although there's one fellow
I haven't met yet.
Hi, there, mister.
(FESTER EXHALES NERVOUSLY)
- Your nephew?
- My brother.
- No!
- Fester, come out here.
He's very shy.
Fester, this is Miss
Jellinsky, our new nanny.
Hello, Fester.
(GRUNTING)
These Addams men,
where do you find them?
It has to be damp.
I can't wait.
I'll start first thing
tomorrow.
(PUBERT COOING)
Why not tonight?
(DOOR CLOSING)
(LOCKING)
MORTICIA:
Good night, Debbie.
Good night!
Scream if
you need anything.
So we've hired
Miss Jellinsky.
- She's a gem, don't you think?
- She's perfect.
(BOTH LAUGHING)
Oh, Fester,
I'm such a lucky man.
I hope that someday you'll
know the indescribable joy
of having children,
and of paying someone else
to raise them.
But first,
wouldn't I have to get married?
Oh, but you're just a boy.
There's plenty of time.
You'll meet someone,
someone very special.
- Someone who won't press charges.
- Oh, I'd like that.
You rascal.
Oh!
And what's this?
- Mom.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
Tonight on America's Most
Disgusting Unsolved Crimes
we investigate
the case of Ursula,
Carmen
and Nadine.
Three very different women
with one thing in common.
Murder!
And they're all
the same woman.
She's known by the police
as a black widow.
She mates, then she kills.
She investigates wealthy men,
finding the richest,
loneliest bachelors,
gaining their trust
and their love
and finally she marries them.
Then on the wedding night,
she kills them.
The deaths appear accidental.
Then after the funeral,
she disappears, cash in hand.
But the money never lasts,
and soon the black widow
is hungry again.
Hungry for cash,
hungry for love.
A mistress of disguise,
she has eluded the authorities for years.
Who is she,
and what seemingly innocent
pose will she next assume?
- All we can say is,
- (THUNDER CRASHING)
bachelors, beware.
(THUNDER RUMBLING)
(BIRDS CALLING)
(COOING)
(CREAKING)
We'll be going out
for most of the morning.
All the important numbers,
police, fire department, morgue.
Fester, come along!
Goodbye, Fester.
GOMEZ:
Say goodbye to Debbie.
(MUMBLING)
Have fun!
(DOOR CLOSING)
DEBBIE: Hmm. Hmm. Hmm.
Fester Addams. My, my.
Stocks and bonds,
deeds,
gold bullion.
(METALLIC SQUEAKING)
(PUBERT COOING)
Treasury bills,
IRAs.
(CREAKING)
What a strange, old house.
It's so drafty.
It's really no place
for children.
No place at all.
- (PUBERT GIGGLING)
- (ANGRILY) Hold still, you little brat.
He's not a brat.
Of course not.
He's an adorable, little baby.
Fine. Rub it in.
We're getting him all ready
for a nice, little walk.
Would you like to come?
Are you really a nanny?
What a question.
Why did you come here?
Why, to take care of you,
all of you.
Especially my uncle?
DEBBIE: I shouldn't be
telling you this.
They swore me to secrecy,
the little angels.
But they want to go.
It's all they talked about all morning.
They're just afraid
to ask you.
They're afraid you'll think
that they don't love you.
The poor things.
- It is a bizarre request.
- It's horrifying.
They have their hearts
set on it.
I knew you'd want to know
as concerned, caring parents.
Oh, Gomez,
what shall we do?
How can we say no?
Don't even
mention it to them.
Just do it.
I'm sure they'll deny
everything, but they want to go.
God love 'em.
- Summer camp.
MORTICIA: Camp Chippewa.
How charming.
What's a Chippewa?
It's an old
Indian word.
It means orphan.
Fresh air,
the scent of pine.
MORTICIA: Wednesday,
look at all of the other children,
their freckles, their bright, little
eyes, their eager, friendly smiles.
Help them.
Hi. I'm Amanda Buckman.
Why are you
dressed like that?
Like what?
Like you're going
to a funeral.
Why are you dressed
like somebody died?
Wait.
Hi. Don Buckman.
Isn't this place something else?
Very exclusive.
- GOMEZ: Really?
- Oh, yeah.
A kid has to be extra
special to get in here.
Gifted, exceptional.
Our Amanda's already
skipped two grades.
How about your boy?
Probation.
We just love Chippewa.
Amanda couldn't wait.
It's all she talked about.
She's got
a whole new wardrobe.
And this little lady?
Oh, Wednesday's
at that very special age
when a girl has only
one thing on her mind.
Boys?
Homicide.
(WHISTLE BLOWING)
Attention!
Hey, listen up, everybody.
I'm Gary Granger!
And I'm
Becky Martin-Granger.
(ALL CLAPPING)
GARY: We're the owners and
directors here at Camp Chippewa,
America's foremost facility
for privileged young adults!
And we're all here
to learn, to grow
and to just
plain have fun!
'Cause that's what being
privileged is all about.
(ALL CHEERING)
- Buffy!
- Debbie!
- (ALL YELLING IN EXCITEMENT)
- I'm fine. How are you?
How are you doing?
(CHATTERING)
Mom, I don't... I don't
think I like it here.
Oh, will you
stop already?
Do you know
how dirty you are?
Selma,
please leave him alone.
I can't breathe.
Oh, stop it, Joel, please.
Now stand up straight.
This is why
he's sick all the time.
Oh, Dell, don't start
with me on that, please.
This is it, you did this.
This has nothing to do with allergies.
MR. GLICKER: You did this.
You did this.
Can you breathe?
Stand up straight.
"Everyone at the ball
"turned and stared
at Cinderella.
"'Who is that beautiful
woman?', everyone asked.
"Even Prince Charming noticed
the new arrival.
"'Who are you?, '
he asked Cinderella.
(DOOR CREAKING)
"'My name is Cinderella, '
she said to the prince.
"'Could you tell me,
"'who is that man
over by the punch bowl?'"
"That fascinating man,
"that oddly sensual man.
"That man who makes me quiver
under my bodice.
"That bald man."
(GASPS)
(DOOR OPENS)
She's driving me wild!
- Who?
- Debbie!
Debbie.
Even the sound of her name.
Isn't it beautiful?
She makes me think of vinyl.
Chemicals!
Truly, Fester, has it finally
happened at long last?
I don't know.
I think so.
All these years
I've watched you and Morticia
through windows,
doorways, keyholes.
I've been so happy for you.
But I have to confess,
I've been jealous, too.
I've dreamed that sometime maybe
there might be someone for me.
- There's Thing.
- Oh, I know, I know.
But I want more!
Legs, elbows, a head.
Two legs?
Dare I...
Dare I ask
Debbie to dinner?
What if she says no?
What if she says yes?
Oh, Gomez, if I asked her,
would you come?
- You and Morticia.
- Of course.
(SWALLOWS)
(BLOWS WHISTLE)
Lifesaving.
Now I know we're all
top-notch, little swimmers,
but now we get
to show our stuff
and earn
those certificates!
Hey, how about our first little
pair of lifesaving buddies?
Amanda, Wednesday.
Is that your
bathing suit?
Is that your overbite?
Now one of you will be
the drowning victim,
and the other one
gets to be our lifesaver.
I'll be the victim.
All your life.
I'm going to be
an actress.
Brava!
Now, Amanda, jump in,
swim out a few yards and start drowning.
Help me! Help me!
I'm drowning! Help me!
I'm dying!
I can't swim.
(PLAYING TANGO MUSIC)
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
It's our favorite bistro.
We've been coming here for years.
Of course,
it has been redone.
Oh, it's just lovely.
Isn't it, Fester?
Fester.
MORTICIA: It's a quaint
French custom,
sharing half-eaten bread.
GOMEZ: Fester is
truly continental.
He spent
many years abroad.
He speaks 12 languages
fluently.
I could tell.
You know, when I first saw him,
I thought he was from Europe.
(CHUCKLES)
- You did?
- It's true.
But I took a bath.
Fester's really a wonderful man.
He's just terribly shy.
Really, I just can't tell.
Does he like me at all?
Of course, he does.
He vomited.
That's true.
Does he always do that
with women he likes?
Oh, no. Just you.
(SIGHS)
Do you think she minded?
Of course not.
She adores you.
Ugh! I'm making
such a mess of things.
Gomez, how do you do it?
How can I be like you?
How can I be suave?
Woo her, admire her.
Make her feel like she's the
most sublime creature on earth.
Yes. That's it?
MORTICIA: We're back.
Noses powdered.
Perfection achieved.
We are the luckiest
brothers on earth.
We are unworthy
of such splendor,
undeserving
of such radiance.
That's right.
We should have
ugly girls.
(BAND PLAYING TANGO MUSIC)
(GASPS)
(CHUCKLING)
(KNIFE REVERBERATING)
(PEOPLE CHEERING)
(OWL HOOTING)
And then the ghost said,
"And I will haunt you
forever."
(GIRLS EXCLAIMING)
Wednesday, you have to
continue the ghost story.
This is dumb.
Well, if you can't do it...
And so the next night,
the ghost returned
to the haunted cabin,
and he said to the campers,
"None of you really
believe in me,
"so I'll have to prove
my power."
And the next morning,
when the campers woke up,
all of their old noses
had grown back.
(ALL SCREAMING)
(CRICKETS CHIRPING)
(BAT SCREECHING)
Oh, Fester,
how you must hate me.
What?
Here you are,
a debonair man of the world.
How I must bore you.
Oh, never.
Fester, before we go
any further,
I have a confession,
something I must tell you.
I'm a virgin.
- You are?
- Yes.
What's that?
It-it's someone
who's never experienced
physical love.
Oh...
You mean,
with another person.
Then, Debbie,
I have a confession to make as well.
I'm one, too.
You? You?
Yes.
But with your looks,
your charm,
women must follow you
everywhere.
Store detectives.
Oh, Fester.
I always dreamed of meeting
someone untouched,
someone pure,
someone just like you.
You'll meet him.
And... And I dreamed
that when I met him,
that we would wait
until our wedding night
to give ourselves
to one another,
to make
the ultimate sacrifice.
A goat?
Until now I thought
it was impossible.
But, Fester Addams,
I love you.
You do?
Please, be brutally honest.
I have to know how you feel about me.
I love you.
I worship you.
I'd do anything for you.
I'd pay.
Fester!
Debbie!
Look at him.
So peaceful.
This evening as I watched
Fester and Debbie,
I kept my fingers crossed.
- I hoped.
- I prayed.
Let them fall in love.
Let them know happiness.
Let them adopt.
Gomez, Morticia,
great news.
Something impossible,
a miracle.
- The rash!
- It's gone.
I'm engaged.
- That ring.
- It was our mother's.
She was buried with it.
Mail call!
- Addams.
- Barkley, Castleman,
Calloway, Dexter, Donman,
Edwards, Evans,
Finley, Fisher,
Framingham...
- Oh, no.
- What is it?
WEDNESDAY: This is
unspeakable.
Is something wrong,
Wednesday?
Bad news?
This is the worst thing
that has ever happened
in the history
of human events.
Uncle Fester
is getting married.
A wedding?
But that's great news.
To whom?
The nanny.
Get out of the cabin.
I mean, I'll kill myself.
The help?
I'm sure she's
a very nice lady.
I think that's disgusting.
I think their whole family's like
some weird medical experiment.
I think they're like
circus people.
- What did you say?
- Tempers!
Group hug.
Wednesday,
Pugsley,
will a hug hurt us?
We don't hug.
Oh! They're
just shy.
- We're not shy.
- We're contagious.
I'm sensing
some friction here,
something not
quite Chippewa.
(ALL AGREEING)
But, hey, no problemo.
All they need are
good friends, good fun and
a little time
in the harmony hut.
(HAPPY MUSIC PLAYING)
PUGSLEY: How long
do we have to stay in here?
Until we crack.
Have fun.
What are you in for?
JOEL: I wouldn't go
horseback riding.
That's all?
And I wouldn't make
a bird house.
Why not?
I just wanted to read.
Not on my time,
four eyes.
(LAUGHING)
(SCREAMING)
Hurry up.
PUGSLEY: I'm coming.
- JOEL: Wait.
- Who's there?
Be careful. Tetanus.
(SIREN WAILING)
- (WHISTLE BLOWING)
- There they are! I saw them sneak out.
(DOG BARKING)
Children,
what do you think you're doing?
We have to see our family.
It's very important.
More important
than a summer of fun?
than making new friends?
More important
than sharing?
And, Joel Glicker,
I'm surprised at you.
I-I have to get out of here.
I have allergies.
- (KIDS LAUGHING)
- Oh, you're allergic?
To sunshine
and archery and crafts?
Yes.
I think
they should be punished.
Punished!
ALL: (CHANTING)
Punished! Punished!
No! No!
We are not here to punish.
We are here to inspire.
GARY: Campers,
do you know what I think
our little ninja friends
here need?
Do you know what just
might turn their sad
and potentially wasted
little lives right on around?
What?
(GUITAR PLAYS)
ALL: (SINGING)
♪ Kumbaya, my Lord
♪ Kumbaya
♪ Oh Lord, kumbaya ♪
(PEOPLE CHATTERING)
Now, Debbie,
have you met everyone?
- Morticia.
- Margaret.
Margaret, this is
our bride-to-be.
Welcome to our family.
I can't tell you what it's meant
to me joining the Addams clan.
Have you met my husband,
Cousin Itt?
We've been so happy.
And just as little
Pubert arrived,
we were blessed with our
own little bundle of joy.
(BABBLING)
What.
Oh, I didn't say anything.
No, that's the baby's
nickname, What.
From the obstetrician.
Isn't he precious?
We've had offers.
ALL: (SINGING)
♪ For he's a jolly good fellow
♪ Which nobody can deny ♪
You guys are
the best bunch of friends
a fellow could hope for.
(MEN LAUGHING)
What a party!
And now,
for the piece de resistance!
(MEN EXCLAIMING)
Ta-da!
(MUMBLING)
That poor girl.
Lurch, was she in there
before you baked?
(SNICKERS)
(GRUNTS)
(CHATTERING)
C'est la vie.
(ALL LAUGHING)
Are you
really allergic?
Uh-huh.
To almost everything.
- No, you're not.
- Am, too.
I can't have dairy products,
or wear wool,
or drink
fluoridated water.
Do you know what happens if
my mom uses a fabric softener?
What?
I die.
WEDNESDAY:
Where are you?
JOEL: Over here.
Where?
By the skeleton.
I-I got your message
inside my cutlet.
I need to ask you
something.
What?
Do you believe
in the existence of evil?
Well, did you meet my mom?
My uncle Fester's about to get married
to this woman in a white uniform.
A radiologist.
A nanny.
But I have to go
to the wedding.
I have a pass.
Do you want to come?
You mean, like, on a date?
No.
I'd love to.
(ORGAN PLAYING)
(PLAYING THE WEDDING MARCH)
(CHATTERING)
I, Fester Addams,
do hereby declare
my unending love.
(SOBBING)
I will worship you forever.
I will devote
my every waking moment
to your happiness alone.
(SOBBING)
Oh!
FESTER: Henceforth,
I am your eternal
and helpless slave.
Nice.
Ditto.
(ALL CHEERING)
You're going to have
a wonderful life together.
Yes, I am.
Come, darling,
let's see who's the next happy bride.
WOMAN 1: Come on!
WOMAN 2: Here, Debbie!
WOMAN 3: To me!
To me! Me!
- I have it!
- No, I have it!
- No! I have it!
- It's mine! I got it!
Now you have
to get married.
- It's not binding.
- Tramp.
WOMAN 1: Bye!
WOMAN 2: Congratulations!
MAN 1: Congratulations!
MAN 2: Bon voyage!
DEBBIE:
The key ingredient
to a successful
Hawaiian honeymoon
is romantic music.
(ROMANTIC MUSIC
PLAYS ON STEREO)
I ordered this cassette
from Time Life.
5,000 of the world's
most romantic melodies.
It's superb.
What do you call this?
Number 438.
So, do you like
romantic living?
I do, so far.
I love romantic living.
Oh, Fester,
how much do you love me?
With all my soul.
Would you do anything for me?
Anything.
Would you die for me?
Yes.
Promise?
(FESTER SCREAMING)
DEBBIE: Pumpkin?
Muffin.
(MUSIC PLAYING ON TV)
Darling,
I know you're nervous.
(CHUCKLING NERVOUSLY)
So am I.
I'm not nervous.
I'm upset.
Because of the bathtub?
(LAUGHING)
That was an accident.
I know.
- I'm fine.
- I know.
Don't give it
another thought.
Don't be frightened.
This is as new to me as it is to you.
Have you really
never had sex?
Never.
Well, then how do you know
we're not having it right now?
Sweetheart, we'll be just
like Gomez and Morticia.
Pretend we're at home
in my room,
Granny down the hallway,
Lurch by the door.
(LAUGHS)
Oh, my God.
Please, what is it?
What do you need?
Only you, my dearest.
Really?
Fester, I'm ready.
(INHALES DEEPLY)
Just one thing.
Gomez told me.
No giggling.
- And?
- No hand puppets.
- What?
After we've made love,
you can never see your family again.
What?
Otherwise,
I could never really enjoy myself.
I could never
give myself completely.
Unless I never see
my family again?
Yes. If I picture them
in our lives,
I could never achieve,
you know.
Never?
Don't you love me?
Of course.
Don't you want me?
Yes.
Never?
Stud.
(MOANING)
MORTICIA: It's so odd we haven't
heard from Fester and Debbie.
It's been almost a week.
Hasn't it, little fellow?
(PUBERT MOANS)
Look at him.
Too much fun
at that reception.
(COOS)
Hair of the pup.
Excellent, Amanda!
Thank you.
GARY: Next!
(KIDS SINGING KUMBAYA)
"Dear Wednesday
and Pugsley,
"I love you dearly but I
can never see you again."
Glicker, go!
BECKY: Good try!
"When you are grown up
and very lonely,
"you will understand.
Love, Uncle Fester."
He's a dead man.
Go!
(BIRD SCREECHES)
It's an American
bald eagle!
But aren't they extinct?
They are now.
(PLANE PASSING)
- Mrs. Addams?
- DEBBIE: Yes?
Your hearse, ma'am.
Where's the body?
- He's right there.
- But he's alive.
Tell me about it!
(PANTING)
Fester, we may be together
for a while.
All our lives,cara mia.
- What?
- Mon cher.
- Speak English.
- Pumpkin.
And if I have to be seen with
you, we need to make some changes.
Changes?
(ENGINE STARTS)
DEBBIE: Be careful!
It's a credenza!
These are beautiful things.
They're from catalogs.
(DEBBIE GASPS)
Fester, get over here!
It itches.
Don't touch it,
not until the scab falls off.
Pumpkin, do you think
these clothes are really me?
Of course not.
That's the point.
Ma'am, where do you
want this thing?
DEBBIE: The second floor
boudoir.
And be careful.
- I'm her husband.
- Fester!
Give me a kiss.
Give me a 20.
- (THUMPING)
- Watch it!
That's a Queen Anne
chandelier!
GOMEZ:
"Hawaii is wonderful.
"I wish you were here
and I can never see you again!
"PS, Debbie says hi."
I don't understand.
For weeks not a word,
and now this.
Darling, come to bed.
He can't be serious.
Have I done something,
said something?
Why does my brother
despise me?
He adores you.
I'd do anything for him.
At his request,
I would rip out my eyes.
At his command,
I would crawl on my belly
through hot coals
and broken glass.
Why wait?
Has Fester gone mad?
This is all just
some sort of phase.
Post-honeymoon malaise.
It's very common.
Do you remember
our honeymoon?
That glorious cruise.
No calls.
No cares.
No survivors.
Cara mia.
So, you still desire me
after all these years?
The old ball and chain?
Forever.
I'll get them.
Heads up, campers!
Jamboree's only two weeks away,
and you know what that means.
Clean cabins.
Creating with clay.
TOGETHER: And canoes,
canoes, canoes!
So we better get cracking, huh?
'Cause it's gonna be one...
JOEL: Look at this.
I got them.
Schizos and serial killers.
I have almost
the whole series.
I'm only missing Jack the
Ripper and that Zodiac guy.
But look.
"The Black Widow."
WEDNESDAY:
It might be Debbie.
At least three
rich husbands, all dead.
- I'll trade you.
- For what?
Amy Fisher.
Each year, we conclude our summer
with a very special presentation.
Book, music
and lyrics by...
Gary Granger!
And this year, the old bean has come
up with something pretty exciting.
My own personal salute
to the first Thanksgiving.
Now we have thought
long and hard
about choosing
just the right little actress
for the leading role
of Sarah Miller,
our beautiful
and kindly pilgrim lady.
And we have selected
Amanda Buckman!
(SCREAMS)
And in the roles
of her pilgrim pals,
- (ALL SCREAMING EXCITEDLY)
- Lily, Jennifer, Tiffany, Missy, Michelle and Melissa!
But, of course,
not everyone can be a star.
No.
Let's not forget
our cheery, little Chippewas,
Mordecai, Yang,
Esther,
um...
Consuela, Irwin
and, um...
I'm still not sure just
how to pronounce this.
Jamil? Jamel?
Jamal.
Whatever.
And as their leader
in the secondary,
but still compellingly
written role of Pocahontas,
guess who we have
in mind?
Our own little
brunette outcast,
Wednesday Addams.
(DOOR BELL RINGS)
We want to see
Debbie and Fester.
Miss Debbie!
DEBBIE: Debra!
Gomez, where are we?
GRANDMA:
It looks familiar.
Of course,
the gates of hell.
Welcome to my home.
Might we see
my brother?
No. He doesn't want to see
you, any of you or that.
Why not?
Because he's in love.
He's wrapped in a gossamer
blanket of ecstasy,
and he hates your guts.
But why?
Because you flaunted yourselves,
your great love affair.
You kept him a child.
I've made him a man.
Let me hear this
from his own lips.
His lips are busy.
- DEBBIE: You want to talk to these people?
- Debbie.
Go away!
That is not my brother!
- Sorry.
- You have enslaved him.
You have placed Fester under
some strange sexual spell.
I respect that.
But, please,
may we see him?
Don't even think about it.
You have gone too far.
You have married Fester,
you have destroyed his spirit,
you have taken him from us.
All that I could forgive,
but, Debbie...
What?
Pastels?
Get out of my house!
Hit the road!
And if you ever show
your faces around here again,
I'll have you locked up
for trying to visit.
Right, Fessie?
FESTER: Right!
Luxor, nexor,
burst and burn!
What is she doing?
Just a curse.
Have a nice day.
(DOOR CLOSES)
I demand justice!
Someone has married
my brother.
No.
She took him to Hawaii.
Get out of here.
They have moved into a large,
expensive home
where they make love
constantly.
I hate when that happens.
Arrest her at once
without delay.
- Who?
- Debbie.
My brother's wife,
the temptress of Waikiki.
Who are you? What are you?
Who moved the rock?
Officer, you must issue a subpoena.
I believe they own...
- Gomez, no!
- ...A Buick!
Just leave.
Leave quietly. Leave now.
Don't make me call
Ringling Brothers.
(YELLING) Has the planet
gone mad?
My brother,
passion's hostage!
I seek justice!
Denied!
I shall not submit!
I shall conquer! I shall rise!
My name is Gomez Addams,
and I have seen evil!
I have seen horror!
(GRUNTS)
I have seen
the unholy maggots
which feast
in the dark recesses
of the human soul!
They're at camp.
I have seen
all this, Officer.
But until today,
I had never seen
you!
Hook him, book him,
cook him. Now!
- (BELL RINGING)
- CLERK: Next in line.
Yes, I'd like to renew
my passport, please.
I'll be leaving the country
very shortly.
Will you be
traveling alone?
Yes. I'll be a widow.
(PIANO PLAYING)
ALL: (SINGING)
♪ Happy, happy turkey day
♪ Hunger pains will go away
♪ When you hear
the pilgrims say
♪ It's happy turkey day
♪ Happy, happy turkey day
♪ Let's all eat
the Indian way
♪ As Bastille
and Cape Cod day
♪ On happy turkey day ♪
(GASPS)
BECKY: Look at you.
Oh, Amanda,
you look perfect!
(BOTH LAUGHING)
You're just the prettiest
pilgrim I've ever seen!
Gar, come
and take a look at this.
BOY: Here they are!
We caught them
by the pay phone.
We were calling the FBI.
Their uncle is in trouble.
We were running a check.
And you are late
for your fittings.
I don't want to be
in the pageant.
Don't you wanna help me
realize my vision?
Your work is puerile
and under-dramatized.
You lack any sense of structure,
character or the Aristotelian unities.
Young lady, I am getting just a
tad tired of your attitude problem.
Everyone, campers!
I have a wonderful idea.
Wednesday and Pugsley
and young Mr. Glicker here,
well, they have just never quite
latched on to the Chippewa spirit,
nor have some
of their little comrades.
Isn't that sad?
ALL: Yes!
Don't we just hate that?
Don't we wish
they would just die?
ALL: Yes!
Oh, no, we don't.
But you know
what we're gonna do with them?
We're going to make
an example.
We are going to show
that anyone,
no matter how odd,
or pale or chubby,
can still have
a darn good time.
Whether they
like it or not.
What are you
gonna do?
GARY: Yes, indeedy.
Just the ticket.
Bambi.
Lassie Come Home.
The Little Mermaid.
- Stop it.
- He's only a child.
Don't worry.
We're getting out of here.
But, it's Disney.
Yes.
(SIGHS)
(PLAYING ON TV)
♪ The hills are alive
♪ With the sound of music
♪ With songs they have sung
♪ For a thousand years ♪
(CHILDREN SINGING)
♪ And they knew that it was much more than a hunch
♪ That this group must
somehow form a family
♪ That's the way we all became
The Brady Bunch ♪
♪ You're always a day
♪ Away ♪
Well, good evening.
Is there anything
you'd like to say to everyone?
Yes.
BECKY: And just what
might that be?
I'm not perky.
(SCOFFS)
That's for damn sure.
WEDNESDAY:
But I want to be.
You do?
I want to smile
and sing and dance
and be Pocahontas
in Gary's vision.
Oh, darling,
do you really mean it?
(ALL GASP)
Isn't she pretty?
She's scaring me!
(EXHALES)
- Gar.
- Yeah.
(SCREAMS)
Stay back!
He's very sick.
(GIGGLES)
My baby!
(THUDS)
GRANDMA: Lumbar, dison,
pox and thither,
curad, brattle,
bone and brine!
(LAUGHING)
Bone and brine!
(COOS)
Well, he's stubborn.
It works on cats.
- What are we going to do?
- Is it hopeless?
Here it is.
"Chapter 18.
Infant possessions."
He's possessed?
"Warning signs,
"severe alterations
in appearance and personality.
"Such alterations can
become permanent."
Permanent?
Those golden curls?
Those rosy cheeks?
That smile?
"These terrifying changes are
most often the result
"of a troubled family life.
"Separations..."
- Separations? You mean...
- Fester!
Bingo!
This kid knows that something
is not right around here.
Unless Fester comes back,
we're talking dimples.
Not in this house.
He could stay this way
for years. Forever.
He could become a lawyer.
I won't listen!
An orthodontist.
Mama, stop!
President.
(PUBERT GIGGLES)
(GRUNTS)
Please! I beg you, take me!
(SOBBING)
(FEEDBACK)
Each summer
we take this occasion
to celebrate a seminal event
in American history.
This year, we depict
perhaps the most important day
in our shared past,
the first Thanksgiving!
A day for maize,
the Native American word for corn,
a terrific turkey dinner
and brotherhood!
So white meat
and dark meat,
take it away!
(APPLAUSE)
(PIANO PLAYING)
ALL: (SINGING)
♪ Eat us
♪ Hey, it's Thanksgiving day
♪ Eat us,
we make a nice buffet
♪ We lost the race
with Farmer Ed
♪ Eat us
'cause we're good and dead
♪ White man or red man
♪ From East, North or South
♪ Chop off our legs
♪ And put 'em in your mouth
♪ Eat me
♪ Sauteed or barbecued
♪ We once were pets,
but now we're food
♪ We won't stay fresh
for very long
♪ So eat us
before we finish this song
♪ Eat us before
we finish this song ♪
(DEBBIE SOBBING)
Thank you.
It was a senseless tragedy.
(CHUCKLES)
(TIMER TICKING)
Angel, I'm going out
for just a minute.
I forgot the champagne.
Our three-week anniversary!
I'll go.
No, no.
You're working hard enough.
I'll just put your present
on the table.
Don't peek!
Please, please!
What is it?
Is it string?
You never know.
(FESTER GROANS)
Is it a dog toy?
Just you wait.
(TICKING)
It's a bomb.
What?
Oh, I know.
Wait for my birthday.
Fester, let me look at you.
I want to remember you
just this way.
What do you mean?
Rich.
Will you miss me?
But you'll be right back,
won't you?
Of course.
(SIGHS)
(WHOOPING)
(DOOR CLOSES)
I am so glad
we invited the Chippewas
to join us
for this holiday meal.
Remember,
these savages are our guests.
We must not be surprised at
any of their strange customs.
After all,
they have not had our advantages,
such as fine schools,
libraries full of books,
shampoo.
(AUDIENCE LAUGHING)
How.
I am Pocahontas,
a Chippewa maiden.
An Indian.
Enough said.
And I am Running Bear,
betrothed to Pocahontas.
In the play.
20 grand for summer camp,
he's Mr. Woo Woo.
We have brought a special gift
for this holiday feast.
I am a turkey. Kill me.
What a thoughtful gift!
Why, you are
as civilized as we,
except we wear shoes
and have last names.
(CHUCKLING)
Welcome to our table,
our new primitive friends.
Thank you, Sarah Miller.
You're the most beautiful
person I've ever seen.
Your hair is
the color of the sun.
Your skin is like fresh
milk, and everyone loves you.
Stop! Sit.
- Wait.
- What?
We cannot break bread
with you.
AMANDA: Huh?
Becky, what's going on?
(WHISPERING)
Wednesday.
You have taken the land
which is rightfully ours.
Years from now,
my people will be forced to live
in mobile homes on reservations.
Your people will wear
cardigans and drink highballs.
We will sell our bracelets
by the roadsides.
You will play golf
and enjoy hot hors d'oeuvres.
My people will have pain
and degradation.
Your people will have
stick shifts.
The gods of my tribe
have spoken.
They have said,
"Do not trust the pilgrims,
"especially Sarah Miller."
Gary, she's changing
the words.
And for all these reasons,
I have decided to scalp you
and burn your village
to the ground.
(WHOOPING)
(ALL SCREAMING)
Children!
Campers!
Stop it!
You're destroying my text!
(WHOOPING)
(SCREAMING)
He's not a team player.
Well, he's a special child,
but he needs friends.
He needs
friends like this?
(SCREAMING)
(BOTH GASPING)
Uh, I beg your pardon.
- (SCREAMING)
- Do something!
(SCREAMING)
(AMANDA SCREAMING)
(MUFFLED SCREAMING)
ALL: (SINGING)
♪ Macho, macho man
♪ I've got to be a macho man
♪ I've got to be a macho!
♪ Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey! Hey!
Hey! Wait!
What time is it, Jorge?
6:25.
(GASPS)
Oops! Got to go.
- No! No!
- Wait!
Wait here. It's my anniversary.
I'll be right back.
Oh, your husband
is a very lucky man.
Don't say that!
♪ Macho, macho man
♪ I've got to be
a macho man! ♪
(TICKING)
Cheers.
No, no.
(SNIFFLING)
And, Officer,
my husband was in that house.
(WEEPING)
(REPRESSING LAUGHTER)
(LAUGHING)
(SIGHING)
Happy anniversary, Debbie.
(QUIETLY)
Help. Help.
Sweetheart!
Did you get the champagne?
Freeze!
Pookie?
I tried to make it look
like an accident.
I tried to give you some dignity.
But, oh, no. Not you.
What are you saying?
I'm saying, I want you dead,
and I want your money.
But... But...
Don't you love me?
(LAUGHING)
Is that a no?
DEBBIE: Do I love you?
Look at yourself!
You're a nightmare!
You're the missing link!
You shouldn't be married!
You should be studied!
You're a big, dumb,
weird thing!
No woman in her right mind
could love you!
(DEBBIE SCREAMS)
(DEBBIE GRUNTS)
FESTER: Thing!
I'll get you!
And your little hand, too!
(TIRES SCREECHING)
(SCREAMS)
(GASPING)
Come on.
No. I have to go back.
For the others.
You're very brave.
And to watch the place burn.
You go.
Save your uncle.
Joel, I may never
see you again.
I know.
There are forces
tearing us apart,
Gary, Debbie,
seventh grade.
I'll never forget you.
You won't?
You're too weird.
We'll always have today
and Chippewa.
And this.
What is it?
Amanda's retainer.
Cara mia.
Mon cher.
(HORN HONKING)
Come on!
(EXPLOSION IN DISTANCE)
(HORN HONKING)
(TIRES SCREECHING)
Move it!
Move out of the way!
(HORN HONKING)
"We looked!
Then we saw him step in on the mat!
"We looked! And we saw him!
"The Cat in the Hat!"
Are you enjoying this?
To think, a child of mine.
"I know it is wet,
and the sun is not sunny,
"but we can have lots
of good fun that is funny."
(PUBERT COOING)
Oh, no.
He lives.
(GASPING)
Come on! It's Gomez!
♪ Swing low
♪ Sweet chariot
♪ Comin' for
to carry me home!
♪ Swing low ♪
My baby is ill,
and my husband is dying.
(GOMEZ SINGING)
Oh, Mama, what shall I do?
Well, you have a black dress.
(GOMEZ CRYING)
Gomez!
- Fester!
Fester? Where is Fester?
He's right here,mon cher.
It's me, Gomez.
I've tried to be
someone I'm not.
I live in shame
and the suburbs!
But you belong to Debbie.
You're Debbie's love toy.
You are Mr. Debbie!
I am an Addams!
Fester!
Uncle Fester!
Children!
You sent us to camp.
They made us sing.
My own dear family.
How I've missed you all.
Our whole family,
together at last.
Three generations
above ground.
DEBBIE: In-laws!
DEBBIE: I don't want
to hurt anybody.
I don't enjoy hurting anybody.
I don't like guns, or bombs,
or electric chairs.
But sometimes people just won't
listen, and so I have to use persuasion
and slides.
My parents, Sharon and Dave.
Generous, doting,
or were they?
All I ever wanted
was a Ballerina Barbie
in her pretty pink tutu.
My birthday.
I was 10,
and do you know what they got me?
Malibu Barbie.
The nightmare.
The nerve.
That's not what I wanted.
That's not who I was.
I was a ballerina.
Graceful, delicate.
They had to go.
(PUBERT COOING)
DEBBIE: My first husband,
the heart surgeon.
All day long,
coronaries, transplants.
What about your needs?
"Sorry about dinner, Deb.
The Pope has a cold."
An axe.
That takes me back.
(COOING)
Husband number two,
the senator.
He loved his state.
He loved his country.
What about Debbie?
"Sorry, Debbie.
No Mercedes this year.
"We have to set an example."
Oh, yeah? Set this!
DEBBIE: My latest husband.
My late husband, Fester.
The fool.
The corpse.
And his adorable family.
You took me in.
You accepted me.
But did any of you
love me?
Really love me?
Hands.
(GIGGLING)
So I... I killed.
So I maimed.
So I destroyed one innocent
life after another.
Aren't I a human being?
Don't I yearn
and ache and shop?
Don't I deserve love
and jewelry?
(LAUGHING)
MORTICIA: Adieu, mon cher.
Adios, cara mia.
FESTER: Debbie, let them go.
Take me and my money.
For what I've done,
I deserve to die.
Sorry.
(STEAM WHISTLING)
(LAUGHING)
Goodbye, everybody.
Wish me luck.
ALL: Good luck.
(GASPS)
(EXCLAIMING)
(LAUGHING)
A birthday party!
What a treat!
And to think
I might have missed all this.
What was I thinking of?
Physical pleasure.
(GROANS)
Uncle Fester,
do you miss Debbie?
Well, sometimes,
late at night.
I remember how she used
to turn to me and say,
"Jesus, Fester,
go back to your room."
(LAUGHING)
MARGARET: Yoo-hoo.
(BABBLING)
Are we late?
(CHATTERING)
Not at all.
We're just getting started.
I hope no one minds.
We brought along a guest.
This is our new nanny,
Dementia.
(GROWLING LUSTFULLY)
What a beautiful name.
It means insanity.
My name's Fester.
It means to rot.
A toast.
To the glorious mysteries
of life.
To all that binds
a family as one.
To mirth, to merriment,
to manslaughter.
ALL: Hear, hear.
To dear friends.
(CHATTERING)
To new friends.
To youth.
- How do I look?
- Disturbing.
To passion.
To paradise.
To pain.
Tonight.
(GRANDMA EXCLAIMS)
Make way for
the birthday boy!
(LAUGHING)
Thing, will you do
the honors?
(PLAYING ORGAN)
JOEL: Your family
is really interesting.
Your parents are so
involved with each other.
Wednesday, do you think,
like, maybe someday
you might want to get
married and have kids?
No.
But what if you met
just the right man
who worshiped and adored you,
who'd do anything for you,
who'd be your
devoted slave?
Then what
would you do?
I'd pity him.
Poor Debbie.
She was sick.
WEDNESDAY:
She wasn't sick.
She was sloppy.
What do you mean?
If I wanted
to kill my husband,
I'd do it,
and I wouldn't get caught.
How?
I'd scare him to death.
No, you wouldn't.
We're all
very sorry, Debbie.
We wish you
only the best.
(SCREAMING)
(THE ADDAMS FAMILY WHOOMP!
PLAYING)
♪ Whoomp!
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
♪ Come on, dig it,
back again
♪ The Addams Family
♪ New baby in the house
makes three
♪ Wednesday, Pugsley,
Lurch, you ring
♪ Fester, Grand-mama
and Thing
♪ Wait,
can't forget Cousin Itt
♪ Tag Team rips
another party hit
♪ It's the Addams Family
movie theme
♪ Gomez, Morticia,
come on sing
♪ Whoomp!
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
♪ The A-D-D-A-M-S
♪ The Addams Family,
aw, yes, yes
♪ They're creepy, kooky,
mysterious, spooky
♪ As loony as can be,
when you see the movie
♪ It goes on and on,
the madness won't stop
♪ Tick to the tock
around the clock
♪ Tag Team catch the flow,
really though
♪ With The Addams Family,
so here we go
♪ Whoomp!
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
♪ Whoomp! Family
♪ The Addams Family
♪ Something's strange,
something's funny
♪ Nanny's got a plot to get
the family money
♪ Makes Fester fall for her
♪ Thing gets wise,
spreads the word
♪ The family comes
to Fester's aid
♪ The plot is spoiled
no one gets pad
♪ It's the Addams Family
running things
♪ Get buck wild,
Tag Team swings
♪ Whoomp!
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
♪ It's a family thing,
it won't quit
♪ They keep together, y'all, and that's it
♪ They're not ordinary,
they're strange
♪ Some say loco,
insane in the brain
♪ But you know
that you love 'em
♪ In a class by themselves,
nothin' below, nothin' above 'em
♪ It ain't nothing
to be ashamed of
♪ So give love to the folks
who go by the name of
♪ Whoomp!
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
Addams Family ♪
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
♪ The Addams Family theme,
I'm gonna kick it
♪ Step to the mic
like Cube and get with it
♪ Props to the number one
family of horror
♪ This song's for the movie
and the dance floor
♪ Tag Team always
delivers the funk
♪ From the old school,
with the bump for the trunk
♪ And it humps
with big bass on the low
♪ Like my homie always said, yo, here we go
♪ Whoomp!
Addams Family
♪ There it is ♪
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
Addams Family
♪ There it is ♪
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family ♪
(EXPRESS YOURSELF PLAYING)
♪ Express yourself
♪ You'll never need help
♪ From nobody else
♪ All you've got to do now
♪ Come on
♪ Express yourself, come on
Express yourself, come on
♪ Let it out and scream and shout
because you know you could
♪ Express yourself, come on
Express yourself, come on
♪ Come on, people, come on, people
'cause you know it's good
♪ Express yourself ♪
♪ Breaking hearts
just ain't my game
♪ All I want to do
is love you
♪ Well
♪ Now, sugar I won't
fill you with regret
♪ No, no
♪ If what you're looking for
is real lovin'
♪ Real lovin'
♪ Then what you see
is what you get
- ♪ What you see
♪ Yeah, is what you get
♪ It's what you get
- ♪ What you see
- ♪ Is what you get
♪ I said, what you see
is what you get, now, baby
♪ It's what you get
♪ And the real thing
is the best thing yet
♪ The best thing yet
♪ What you see
♪ It's who I am
♪ It's what you get
♪ Feels so good
I can't stand myself
♪ Ooh, baby
- ♪ What you see
- ♪ Is what you get
♪ I said what you see
is what you get, now, baby
♪ It's what you get
♪ And the real thing
is the best thing yet
♪ Are you ready for me? ♪
(DO IT ANY WAY YOU WANNA
(IT'S ON YOU) PLAYING)
♪ Do it
Do it any way you wanna
♪ It's on you
♪ Do it any way you wanna
♪ Do it
Do it any way you wanna
♪ It's on you, baby
♪ Do it any way you wanna
♪ Do it any way you wanna ♪
♪ Whoomp!
Addams Family
♪ There it is
♪ Whoomp!
The Addams Family
The Addams Family ♪
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org